{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh12720\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 USER STORY\
    1) Players enter names (and colors?) in Lightbox form.\
    2) Names populate on screen. Alert box(?) tells Player One to spin.\
	+ Do we want alert boxes? Or less gross popups? Or\'85 a message box?\
    3) After spin, message (?) saying to type anywhere. Maybe we want a message area like as a footer or something. \
    4) If correct, instruction to \'93spin again!\'94\
    5) If not, Player 2\'92s turn. \
    6) Instructions could be replaced with really obvious design choices. Spin could blink; really thick underline has to whose turn it is. etc.\
    \
\
\
\
\
\
Hangman or wheelOfFortune\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 CATEGORIES OF WORDS (checkbox)
\fs24 \
var currentWL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_heads_of_state_and_government"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_heads_of_state_and_government}}\
var famousBattles:\
var elements:\
var anomalousWeather: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Anomalous_weather"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Anomalous_weather}} \
   (use wikipedia api?)\
cryptids {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptids"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cryptids}}\
var undecipheredWritingSystems {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Undeciphered_writing_systems"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Undeciphered_writing_systems}}\
var linguisticTerms\
var constellations\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs18 \cf0 could these all be obtained via \'93list\'94 wikipedia entries?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs24 \cf0 var famousMummies {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mummies#cite_note-1"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mummies#cite_note-1}}\
var greats {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_known_as_The_Great"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_known_as_The_Great}}\
var leaderNicknames {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_monarchs_by_nickname"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_monarchs_by_nickname}}\
var lightSources {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_light_sources"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_light_sources}}\
var naturalSatellites {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_natural_satellites"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_natural_satellites}} 
\fs18 \

\fs24 var brightStars {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_brightest_stars"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_brightest_stars}}\
var nobel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nobel_Peace_Prize_laureates"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Nobel_Peace_Prize_laureates}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf0 COLORS //
\i\fs26 BUNGEE FONT IS COOL BUT MAKES THIS COMPLICATED. MAYBE HAVE IT SIMPLY BE THE MONOCHROME COLOR SET
\i0\fs24 \
multiple color schemes including:\
background, player one, player two, neutral text\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 FONTS\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Press Start 2P\
Monoton\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 ___cool to use together?___\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Bungee Outline\
Bungee Inline\
Bungee\
Bungee Shade\
Bungee Hairline\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs20 \cf0 ____________________________
\i0\b0\fs24  \
\
Fredoka One\
Kumar One Outline\
Baloo Da\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 SPINNING WHEEL?
\fs18 \cf1 \cb0 \strikec1 hard\'85 maybe just a Math.random()*100 or something.
\fs30 \cb1  \cf0 \strikec0 or SCRABBLE SCORE?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 \
ALT SCORES\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Does not add any player points but adds some humorous or interesting element to gameplay. Purely aesthetic or like extra turn?
\fs30 \
\
NUM PLAYERS? 2? 2-4? 1-2? 1-4?\

\fs24 relatively simply AI\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike \strikec0 displaying words initially\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 if \'93a letter\'94, letter = _.\
things like \'93?\'94 \'93-\'93 \'93,\'94 etc will be displayed normally \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf0 \
Make correct letter guesses appear\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 \
Input names\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike \strikec0 \
Turns\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Appear by letter function returns a counter. If even, the score function adds to p1Score, and some visual marker moves to P1. ELSE, the same occurs for p2. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \
Make scores appear and add up \strike0\striked0 have multiply based on number of occurrences? \
\
After win, make things happen\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Want to play again? \
No \'97> a href to somewhere else?\
Yes \'97> get new word;\
	  hide word again\
	  reset scores, names, counters, and keypressPermission. 
\fs30 \

\fs24 \
\
\
\
\
87 / 119\
72 / 104\
65 / 97\
84 / 116 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 ADDING 32 EVERY TIME WTF? \
\
\
119 w \
104 h\
97   a\
116 t\
39   (apostrophe)\
115 s\
32  (space?)\
112 p\
114 r\
101 e\
45 (hyphen\'85)\
101 e\
108 l\
101 e\
109 m\
101 e\
110 n\
116 t\
97 a\
114 r\
121 y\
32 (space)\
115 s\
99 c\
104 h\
111 o\
111 o\
108 l\
63 ?\
\
\
\
\
\
so, tonight:\
\strike \strikec0 1) API stuff?\
\
\strike0\striked0 	1a) Weed out weird responses. If it has \'93List\'94 in it (indexOf \'93List\'94, i think case sensitivity here is correct), or like \'93disambiguation\'94 i believe would be another one.\strike \strikec0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 2) make \'93winning\'94 do something\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
3) color schemes\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
4) better design\
4b) 
\b0 vowels and multiple letters
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		\
		5) return key for spin. \
\
6) responsiveness\
\
7) make a godamn trelo board\
\
8) name entry\
\
9) choose color/icon?\
\
10) do you want a wheel? not really :/  \
10a) but sounds? styles? something fun. midi allows you to change tones!!!!! \
    + midi tone changes with style change. lol. \
\
11) eel \
\
12) simplify api call?\
\
13) email someone for tien }